doc: update Working with XXX user guides (#2010)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf52.rst

     - PCA10040
     - :ref:`nrf52810_pca10040<zephyr:nrf52810_pca10040>`

nRF Desktop
===========

> As reference for a complete project that uses Bluetooth Low Energy, see the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Desktop application is a complete project that integrates Bluetooth Low Energy, see the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application.  It can be built for the nRF Desktop reference hardware or an nRF52840 DK.
```

The nRF Desktop is a reference design of a HID device that is connected to a host through Bluetooth Low Energy or USB, or both.

> Depending on the configuration, this application can function as a mouse, a gaming mouse, or a keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application supports configurations for simple mouse, gaming mouse, keyboard and USB dongle.
```

The :ref:`Multi-Protocol Service Layer (MPSL) <nrfxlib:mpsl>` library provides services for multi-protocol applications.

.. |note| replace:: There is currently no support for upgrading the upgradable bootloader (:doc:`mcuboot:index`) on nRF52 Series devices.

.. fota_upgrades_start

FOTA upgrades
*************

|fota_upgrades_def|
FOTA upgrades can be used to replace the application.

.. note::
   |note|

A FOTA upgrade requires the following steps:

> 1. Make sure that your application supports FOTA upgrades.

Author: This is a "heading" for the step, and the following instructions give more detail. So prefer to leave as is.

>       To download and apply FOTA upgrades, the following requirements apply:

Author: See comment above - also, trying to keep in line with the nRF9160 UG here. So prefer to leave as is.

      * You must enable :option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_SMP_BT` in your application.

>       * |fota_upgrades_req_mcuboot|

Reviewer 2: Missing requirement off integration of mcumgr modules in the appliation code:
enable CONFIG_MCUMGR_CMD_OS_MGMT and register OS management command set in the application C code (`os_mgmt_register_group();`)

enable CONFIG_MCUMGR_CMD_IMG_MGMT and register image managemt command set inthe application C code
(`img_mgmt_register_group();`)

Application must initialize initialize the Bluetooth mcumgr transport (`using smp_bt_register()`)
Application shall advertise SMP service UUID 8D53DC1D-1DB7-4CD3-868B-8A527460AA84 in BT advertisement data
Refer to zephyr/samples/subsys/mcumgr/smp_svr for code sample on above requirements.

Author: Thanks! Can you please check my update @nvlsianpu & @hakonfam ?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11227796/77773067-648b5d80-7049-11ea-9e9f-50c07560abb5.png)

Reviewer 3: This is correct to my knowledge, but I would appreciate @nvlsianpu 's final approval.

Reviewer 2: > enable CONFIG_MCUMGR_CMD_IMG_MGMT and register image managemt command set inthe application C code
(img_mgmt_register_group();)

^^this is not included. I would extend points `a` and` b` by this.

Author: Oops! Added now.

#. Create a binary file that contains the new image.
      |fota_upgrades_building|

>       The :file:`app_update.bin` file is the file that should be downloaded to the device.

Reviewer 3: Should we note here that this file is only generated when `CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT=y` ?

Author: We do - that's in the variable above ;)
"To create a binary file for an application upgrade, make sure that CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT is enabled and build the application as usual. The build will create several binary files (see Using MCUboot in nRF Connect SDK). "

Reviewer 3: Lol, I guess my built in rst preprocessor needs a patch :)

#. Download the new image to a device.
      Use `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ or `nRF Toolbox`_ to upgrade your device with the new firmware.

      To do so, make sure that you can access the :file:`app_update.bin` file from your phone or tablet.

>       Then connect to the device with the mobile app and initiate the DFU process to transfer :file:`app_update.bin` to the device.

Author: Hmm, I would put a comma if it was "Next, connect ...", but not with a "Then".

      .. note::

>          There is currently no support for the FOTA process in nRF Connect for Desktop.

Reviewer 2: not such FOTA but, nrf desktop has their own FOTA solution i believe. @padu can give some more info.

Author: This is referring to nRF Connect for Desktop, not to nRF Desktop. ;)

Reviewer 2: ok, understood
